I can do a joke , it works
I've learned a joke of that
not mine that is a very old one
joke and that's why and really
classic no gag is really one
joke and very classic joke building
and against three men in a forest
almost completely and that says a lot
Every man he has, everyone has three
wishes free
the drexel gaal and the first man means
awesome I would like to have an infinite amount of money
knows such an account that never gets empty
wish fulfilled and the second says that
I would also like to have my account
would like to have exactly this account
just never gets empty and wishes
fulfilled and the third says yes I would have
like that my hand likes such twitching
has the first say again now expect
I have money I would like to have now
a woman knows a woman who always loves me
loves the really sharp looks
really horny woman really like licked
it should look like this and never me
leave
said done wish and done
second said i like car now
has a car with billions of ps around me
Everyone envies something that never breaks
really cool what no gasoline consumed
Hammer and the third one says
like that my left hand too too
shrugs and the first one says yes again
I have money now I have a wife
I would like to have a career known
that I keep going up and down
author and runs as if by itself
just rise and continue
ascend and that is easy and that
second says yes I would like to have
Health I never want to get sick
I want to be 200 years old
I just do not want to be healthy anyway
snuffing nothing and the third
I would like to have my head still
to twitch three years meet exactly
these three men again and the first
says boring my life is so horny me
have woman i have money i have everything
what I am and the second says old
I can buy everything with the money
I no longer have to snuff me
it is totally cool and the third says where
I think I'm in front of the sheikhs
required
Thank you